README.md, before:

# Blender Power Sequencer

![Project banner](./img/power-sequencer-banner.svg)

Power Sequencer brings smart new editing features to edit faster with Blender's Video Sequence Editor. It is completely Free and Open Source.

➡ Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/NathanGDQuest) and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/gdquest/) for free game creation tutorials, tips, and news! Get one of our [Godot game creation courses](https://gdquest.mavenseed.com/) to support our work on Free Software.

## Installation guide

Power Sequencer is an add-on for Blender 2.80 and more recent versions of the program.

It is included in Blender _since Blender 2.81_.

To install it:

1. Open Blender
1. Go to `Edit > Preferences > Addons`
1. In the search box, search for "Power Sequencer"
1. Activate the checkbox next to "Sequencer: Power Sequencer"

## Learn Power Sequencer

Read **all the features and shortcuts** in the [Power Sequencer Docs](http://gdquest.com/blender/power-sequencer/docs/)

We have video tutorials to get you started:

1. [Intro to Video Editing with Blender's VSE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zcj4onvP06w), a general introduction to Blender's VSE
1. [Power Sequencer Workflow tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZoZaSsuhXw), a video dedicated to the add-on

You can find more in our growing list of [Free Blender VSE tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhqJJNjsQ7KFjp88Cu57Zb9_wFt7nlkEI) on YouTube.

## Become a Contributor

Whether you want to contribute code, help with testing, design, user interface, tutorials, or communication, **all contributors are welcome**!

You can come and chat with us on [GDquest's Discord server](https://discordapp.com/invite/KVaCsSP)!

See our [Contributor's Guidelines](http://gdquest.com/open-source/contributing-guidelines/) to learn about how to contribute efficiently to Free Software. If you're a developer, check our [Blender Python best practices](https://www.gdquest.com/open-source/guidelines/blender-python/). They can help you avoid programming issues.

Then, join the discussion in the [issues tab](https://github.com/GDquest/Blender-power-sequencer/issues) anytime!

## Other add-ons

Here are other recommended add-ons for a better editing workflow:

Daniel Oakey's [rewrite of VSE Transform Tools](https://github.com/doakey3/VSE_Transform_Tools). This tool lets you animate and move strips from the video preview. The original add-on was abandoned a few years ago. Daniel fixed and rewrote it so now it's super slick!

Power Sequencer ships with two separate Python tools:

1. [BPSRender](https://github.com/GDquest/BPSRender), a tool to render videos with multiple threads from the terminal.
1. [BPSProxy](https://github.com/GDquest/BPSProxy), a program to render proxies fast using FFmpeg and, if your graphics card supports it, use hardware acceleration.

Commit message:

Remove bpsrender and bpsproxy submodules
Included this way in power sequencer, they're only available as python
modules. We never integrated them in the interface, and it actually
proved to be difficult, so I'm removing them from the repo.

README.md, after:

# Blender Power Sequencer

![Project banner](./img/power-sequencer-banner.svg)

Power Sequencer brings smart new editing features to edit faster with Blender's Video Sequence Editor. It is completely Free and Open Source.

➡ Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/NathanGDQuest) and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/gdquest/) for free game creation tutorials, tips, and news! Get one of our [Godot game creation courses](https://gdquest.mavenseed.com/) to support our work on Free Software.

## Installation guide

Power Sequencer is an add-on for Blender 2.80 and more recent versions of the program.

It is included in Blender _since Blender 2.81_.

To install it:

1. Open Blender
1. Go to `Edit > Preferences > Addons`
1. In the search box, search for "Power Sequencer"
1. Activate the checkbox next to "Sequencer: Power Sequencer"

## Learn Power Sequencer

Read **all the features and shortcuts** in the [Power Sequencer Docs](http://gdquest.com/blender/power-sequencer/docs/)

We have video tutorials to get you started:

1. [Intro to Video Editing with Blender's VSE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zcj4onvP06w), a general introduction to Blender's VSE
1. [Power Sequencer Workflow tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZoZaSsuhXw), a video dedicated to the add-on

You can find more in our growing list of [Free Blender VSE tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhqJJNjsQ7KFjp88Cu57Zb9_wFt7nlkEI) on YouTube.

## Become a Contributor

Whether you want to contribute code, help with testing, design, user interface, tutorials, or communication, **all contributors are welcome**!

You can come and chat with us on [GDquest's Discord server](https://discordapp.com/invite/KVaCsSP)!

See our [Contributor's Guidelines](http://gdquest.com/open-source/contributing-guidelines/) to learn about how to contribute efficiently to Free Software. If you're a developer, check our [Blender Python best practices](https://www.gdquest.com/open-source/guidelines/blender-python/). They can help you avoid programming issues.

Then, join the discussion in the [issues tab](https://github.com/GDquest/Blender-power-sequencer/issues) anytime!

## Other add-ons

Here are other recommended add-ons for a better editing workflow:

Daniel Oakey's [rewrite of VSE Transform Tools](https://github.com/doakey3/VSE_Transform_Tools). This tool lets you animate and move strips from the video preview. The original add-on was abandoned a few years ago. Daniel fixed and rewrote it so now it's super slick!

We made two separate command-line tools for tech-savy people:

1. [BPSRender](https://github.com/GDquest/BPSRender), a tool to render videos with multiple threads from the terminal.
1. [BPSProxy](https://github.com/GDquest/BPSProxy), a program to render proxies fast using FFmpeg and, if your graphics card supports it, use hardware acceleration.

We recommend only using them if you're comfortable working with command-line programs. They're intended for use in command-line scripts and for users who use the shell often.
